README.md, before:

# Judgement
 Discord bot for general/casual use
 
# Patch Notes

## v1.6.4
**Publish date: June 26th, 2020**
*(Earliest patch with written patch notes)*

- Fixed typo in "Why would you ask me that, you sicko?!" (formerly "Why would ask me that, you sicko?!") 

## v1.6.5
**Publish date: July 27th, 2020**

- Judgement now ignores strikethrough text when looking for questions to answer

## v1.7.0
**Publish date: March 3rd, 2021**

- Judgement now responds to people calling him "based"
- Judgement can now quote Vergil from Devil May Cry when he hears him mentioned
- Judgement now expresses his wishes for Knack 3 to be real

## v1.8.0
**Publish date: July 23rd, 2021**

- Judgement can now respond to mentions of power, Kingdom Hearts, MF DOOM, and Zero
- Judgement now has more Vergil quotes

## v1.9.0
**Publish date: January 9th, 2022**

- Judgement can now announce when a select few streamers are live

## v1.9.1
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- General code cleanup

## v1.9.2
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- Pushing code to GitHub
- Solved potential security issues

## v1.9.3
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- Fixed error with DIO RNG. honestly idk how that got missed

## v1.9.4
**Publish date: August 29th, 2022**

- Added new responses to Judgement's 8-ball response list.

- Removed Varricz from the list of streamers per request of the server owner.

- Commented out Judgement's "HAIL 2 U" intro whenever called via 8-ball. Will be restored or removed upon request of the server owner.

- Revamped how Judgement attempts to find Twitch channels.

- Changed spelling of Pricecrazy62's username.

- General reorganization of the code.

## v1.9.5
**Publish date: October 15th, 2022**

- Added ehckgaming to the list of streamers Judgement will notify streams for.

- Changed the interval in which Judgement checks for streams from 5 seconds to 2 minutes.

- Added punctuation for Judgement to ignore while searching for key words in messages.

- Added more possible responses to being called based, using content borrowed from sibling bot Keith-Kazooie.

- Made a single RNG function to make code more readable.

## v1.9.6
**Publish date: October 15th, 2022**

- New implementation for the check to ignore punctuation, the old way crashed Judgement.

## v1.10.0
**Publish date: October 31st, 2022**

- Judgement can now roll dice; up to 50 at once.

- Judgement now has access to Twitter, and posts links to tweets from users he follows.

- Removed Pricecrazy62 from the list of streamers per request of the server owner.

- Altered comments for better documentation.

- Twitch errors now take significantly less space in the console log.

## v1.10.1
**Publish date: December 3rd, 2022**

- Removed unused function.

- Added integrity check to the roll function; it now makes sure you're putting actually putting numbers into the command.

- Prettied up the code in needed areas.

- Added amiibo to the Wario tweet filter list.

- Added catch for Judgement rarely crashing trying to generate an easter egg response for some messages.

Commit message:

v1.10.2
+ Added 'humble' to the Wario tweet filter list.
- Removed 'ehckgaming' from the Twitch streamer list as the channel no longer exists.
* Invalid tweet IDs no longer crash Judgement.

README.md, after:

# Judgement
 Discord bot for general/casual use
 
# Patch Notes

## v1.6.4
**Publish date: June 26th, 2020**
*(Earliest patch with written patch notes)*

- Fixed typo in "Why would you ask me that, you sicko?!" (formerly "Why would ask me that, you sicko?!") 

## v1.6.5
**Publish date: July 27th, 2020**

- Judgement now ignores strikethrough text when looking for questions to answer

## v1.7.0
**Publish date: March 3rd, 2021**

- Judgement now responds to people calling him "based"
- Judgement can now quote Vergil from Devil May Cry when he hears him mentioned
- Judgement now expresses his wishes for Knack 3 to be real

## v1.8.0
**Publish date: July 23rd, 2021**

- Judgement can now respond to mentions of power, Kingdom Hearts, MF DOOM, and Zero
- Judgement now has more Vergil quotes

## v1.9.0
**Publish date: January 9th, 2022**

- Judgement can now announce when a select few streamers are live

## v1.9.1
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- General code cleanup

## v1.9.2
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- Pushing code to GitHub
- Solved potential security issues

## v1.9.3
**Publish date: August 7th, 2022**

- Fixed error with DIO RNG. honestly idk how that got missed

## v1.9.4
**Publish date: August 29th, 2022**

- Added new responses to Judgement's 8-ball response list.

- Removed Varricz from the list of streamers per request of the server owner.

- Commented out Judgement's "HAIL 2 U" intro whenever called via 8-ball. Will be restored or removed upon request of the server owner.

- Revamped how Judgement attempts to find Twitch channels.

- Changed spelling of Pricecrazy62's username.

- General reorganization of the code.

## v1.9.5
**Publish date: October 15th, 2022**

- Added ehckgaming to the list of streamers Judgement will notify streams for.

- Changed the interval in which Judgement checks for streams from 5 seconds to 2 minutes.

- Added punctuation for Judgement to ignore while searching for key words in messages.

- Added more possible responses to being called based, using content borrowed from sibling bot Keith-Kazooie.

- Made a single RNG function to make code more readable.

## v1.9.6
**Publish date: October 15th, 2022**

- New implementation for the check to ignore punctuation, the old way crashed Judgement.

## v1.10.0
**Publish date: October 31st, 2022**

- Judgement can now roll dice; up to 50 at once.

- Judgement now has access to Twitter, and posts links to tweets from users he follows.

- Removed Pricecrazy62 from the list of streamers per request of the server owner.

- Altered comments for better documentation.

- Twitch errors now take significantly less space in the console log.

## v1.10.1
**Publish date: December 3rd, 2022**

- Removed unused function.

- Added integrity check to the roll function; it now makes sure you're putting actually putting numbers into the command.

- Prettied up the code in needed areas.

- Added 'amiibo' to the Wario tweet filter list.

- Added catch for Judgement rarely crashing trying to generate an easter egg response for some messages.

## v1.10.2
**Publish date: January 2nd, 2023**

- Added 'humble' to the Wario tweet filter list.

- Removed 'ehckgaming' from the Twitch streamer list as the channel no longer exists.

- Invalid tweet IDs no longer crash Judgement.
